<!-- ocr_fallback -->

@SMIC Hold MktCap: 8.8 trn won ROE: 15.14% Op.Magin: 6.36% PER: 12.19 x PBR: 2.92 x Dividend Yield: 6.46 % Major SharehoIder: Saudi Aramco. (35%) Foreign Shares: 46.4% Valuation Target Price: 70,000- Equity Report S-(¯)il (이0050) Maintain HOId, with TP range Of 70,000-99,000 Oct 13, 2007 Oil Refining I Price: 78,300 Eun Young Bu Colin K. Kim Jack J. Kim Matthew J. Kim A Young ChOi Jong Wook Lee Jae Won Jang Our overall outIOOk on S-OiI is good, based on its specialized and differentiated production and client base, but not good enough tO invest in the company at this time. Lower bound Of our target price range turned out tO be 7이000 won, which is lower than the current stock price Of 78,300 won. A decent amount Of dividend is expected, but short-term investors might not fully enjoy dividend yield in case Of ex-dividend. Strong cracking margin and weakening refining margin Under the circumstances Of slowly shrinking refining margin and increasing cracking margin, S-OiI has been the biggest beneficiary Of this trend. As cracking margin is expected tO be widening, S-OiI will be able tO maintain its high profitability and productivity. On the other hand, its sales decreased by 1.6% in 2006 due tO tough competition in domestic market, arising from weakening refining margin. Dividend issue S-OiI usually pays dividends twice a year: during and at the end Of each fiscal year. AIthough the company paid dividend of 8 300 won per share in March this year, it's expected tO pay additional dividend at the end of 2007 thanks tO 1) strong cracking margin, and 2) increased reserve by treasury stock transaction amounting tO 2.4 trillion won. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC EngIish Research Team 幺 1. lntroduction tO the petroleum refining industry 투에 The OiI industry is referred tO as a whole process, from exploring OiI from OiI fields and refining 해, tO supplying Oil products tO manufacturing companies and end-consumers. lt is generally divided intO three part; up-streams, mid-streams, and down streams according tO each Stage Of the process. See below tO help you understand a whole production flow. Up-streams Mid-streams Transpoftation Movlng 해 tO refineries and consumers With tankers, trucks and pipelines Down-streams ExpIoration LJSIng technology tO find new Oil resources Production Bringing 해 tO the surface using natural and artificial methods Refining Converüng Oil intO finished products Marketing Distributing and selling refined products Crude OiI needs tO be converted intO usable products such as gasoline diesel, LPG tO be able tO be consumed. The domestic refineries such as S-Oil, GS CaItex, and SK Energy usually participate in the refining and marketing process. * Refining process Crude Oil is composed mainly Of hydrocarbons Of various weights. When the crude Oil is heated the different hydrocarbons bOiI at different temperatures and can therefore be drawn Off and re- liquefied. Refineries are rated according tO this crude distillation capacity. Since lighter hydrocarbons are usually more valuable than heavy ones, most refineries further process the middle and heavy distillates in various "downstream" operations that extract further light hydrocarbons ("cracking" long hydrocarbons intO smaller pieces). Common downstream operations include vacuum distillation, catalytic cracking, hydrocracking, and coking. AII Of these processes occur in separate production units that are interconnected and that generally operate on a continuous-flow basis. MOSt refineries a唇0 operate gasoline-blending processes and have significant storage facilities. (Reference: http://www hoovers.com/petroIeum-refining--/--lD_155--/free-ind-fr-profiIe-basic.xhtmI) Crude OiI costs vary according tO origin because Of transportation costs and the grade Of the 해. MOSt Korean refineries are heavily relying on Dubai containing high sulfur. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC EngIish Research Team Crude Oil FURNACE 150% 200% 30000 37000 투에 Gas 2040 Gasoline (Petr01) Kerosene DieseI Oil Fuel 예 4000C Lubricating 해. Paraffn Wax. Asphatt GeneraIIy, LPG and gasoline are more expensive than heavy Oils such as B-C or AsphaIt. GasoIine or gases are produced less than heavy OiI whereas the demand on them is much higher. (B-C is approximately 40% Of their outputs) This resulted in development Of the process Of turning B-C intO usable products. This process includes FIuid CataIytic Cracking (RFCC), ThermaI Cracking 대OU), and Hydro-cracking (VRDS), and is normally called "cracking”, long hydrocarbons intO smaller and lighter pieces. WhiIe large integrated Oil companies, like Exxon MObiI and BP, supply their refineries with OiI from their 0₩n exploration and production operations, many refineries including Korean one must buy OiI from Other producers or wholesalers. TO ensure adequate supplies, anticipated need is filled under short or long-term supply contracts (that typically contain a price adjustment mechanism) and through purchases on the spot market. Refiners are very sensitive tO market prices Of crude Oil and can adjust their refineries tO accept Oil Of varying grades, depending on availability and comparative prices. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회
