<!-- ocr_fallback -->

Apr 7, 2007 Education SNu Midas C1ub BUY : ₩186,000 Target Price Current Price . ₩174,500 Safety Margin •. 6.6% Market Cap. : ₩1.11 trn ROE : 25.7% OP Magin: 31.9% PER : 40.1 x PBR: 9.21 x Div. Yield: 0.66% 52wks Beta : 0.60 52WkS High : ₩176,200 52wks Low •. ₩72, 100 Foreign Shares : 46.87% Major Shareholder . Ju—Eun Sohn (10.00%) HSBC Halbis Partners (10.94%) SERT 김경한. Colin K. Kim 김수민. Brian Kim 안세윤. Seyoon Ahn 이유나. Yuna Lee 함소율. Soyul Hahm Equity Remrt Megastudy (072870) > Maintain BUY, with TP of ₩186,000 Overall, we have optimistic view on Megastudy, thus set TP at ₩186 000, given 1) enormous ℃om tO grow in online education market 2) expected rapid growth of Mbest, 3) unrivalled brand power 0f Megastudy, and 4) 2008 new guidelines favorable t0 Megastudy. As many unpredictable factors which might affect the firm still exist, we suggest investors tO keep close eyes on hOW it pulls 0飜 constant success in the market, especially expansion tO foreign market. > New cash—cow, Mbest, will be another growth driver Mbest, acquired by Megastudy in Nov 2006 has shown dramatic growth over last tWO years. For the next five years at least, it is aISO expected tO continue its race in the online middle school market, where the market size appears bigger than that of high school, strongly backed by Megastudy's know—how, brand power, and enough cash reserves. > Planning tO tap intO foreign market, but unpredictable According tO the recent phone interview with IR manager, several companies in China and Japan contacted the firm, looking for establishing a JV for online education. The company might face risks such as relatively less—developed internet broadband infrastructure and widespread pirate digital contents. However, expansion tO new market can be another long—term growth driver. Nevertheless, we dO not take thiS issue intO account company announces more specific plan. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team Part l. Opportunity and Risk analysis Megastudy > Change in 2008' education policy will emphasiæ the importance of KSAT KSAT will be transformed intO a basic standard for college entrance exam with 9 grades since 2008 which implies that the exam is likely t0 get more difficult to differentiate students' academic achievements. As there will be more demand for private education tO prepare for harder KSAT this policy change is expected be beneficial for Megastudy S performance. ln addition, many universities are adopting a special type Of acceptance, which is only through KSAT scores, students will have t0 focus more on KSAT > PresidentiaI election outcome might be fawrable, but not for sure. AS Korean education system gets volatile when regime changes, contender's view on education policies will affect future private education market Current education policies have three main principles that prohibit universities from administering their own entrance exams, disallow high schools from being ranked, and ban universities from accepting students in return for donations. Lee, Park and Son are the three contenders with the highest approval rating, and they are mostly asserting that university's should be guaranteed the autonomy Of setting 0₩n acceptance guideline. ln this sense, they all agree tO revive 0₩n exams Of universities, WhiCh long for encouraging private education. AS Korean education policy has aimed tO minimize private education, other measures tO mitigate effects Of own entrance exams Of universities are expected tO take place. However, without a breakthrough in education policies tO vitalize public education, we can still assume that private education market will never cease to flourish. > Potential penetration Of large corporations does not seem tO be formidable. Currently, the threat from potential conglomerate competitors is not very likely. Many large corporations are recently engaged in education business due tO expectation Of high growth potential of the industry. For example, Samsung established a B2B education business 'Credu' whose stock price surged after its IPO. However, in high school education market, entrants as SK and KT are not showing satisfying results. SK has merged Etoos but its monthly clicks are reported t0 be less than a third of SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 2 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team Megastudy Megastudy S and the situation is even worse for KT. This implies that even though the barriers Of entry seem tO be IOW in e—learning business, the new entrants dO not have enough capability tO Offer popular contents as Megastudy nor they can reach customers well enough. > New media for u—learning can not only be a threat, but also a chance As new media 0f digital devices such as PMP have already become popular, any kind 0f new media that enables ubiquitous learning can be a threat if a new content provider for powerful media emerges. However, Megastudy has demonstrated timely adaptability tO new media such as PMP. Therefore, if Megastudy can sustain its powerful contents, Megastudy will be an indispensable contents provider even for the new media. > Penetration int0 foreign market will lead long—term growth, but unpredictable Megastudy has a long—term vision tO cover entire private education market, SO it has recently made a plan tO push intO foreign market and expand their business. LateIy some Of Korean famous institutes, such as Digital Daesung and Jongro have tapped intO foreign market, mainly aiming for Korean students abroad. After Korean universities decided tO Offer less special admission tO overseas Korean students, the number Of students whO want tO prepare for KSAT has increased Megastudy, however, plans tO target not only overseas Korean students, but aISO native students in countries such as China and Japan. According tO the recent phone interview with IR manager, several companies in China and Japan contacted the firm, looking for establishing a JV for online education. N0thing seems t0 have been decided so far, but the firm plans tO execute the plan in the near future. lt has built a good know—how tO create online contents from offline lectures, and accumulated enough capital reserves tO invest. However, the company might face risks such as relatively less—developed internet broadband infra—structure and widespread pirate digital contents. Nevertheless, expansion tO new market can be another long—term growth driver. We dO not take this issue intO aCCOUnt company announces more specific plan. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 3 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회
