<!-- ocr_fallback -->

/ndustry Report FinanciaI lndustry: Securities May 19, 2007 SNu Midas C1ub BUY Target Price Current Price : Safety Margin Market Cap. ROE : OP Magin: Div. Yield: 52wks Beta : 52wks High : 52wks Low Foreign Shares : Major Shareholder . SERT 김경한. Colin K. Kim 김수민. Brian Kim 안세윤. Seyoon Ahn 이유나. Yuna Lee 함소율. Soyul Hahm SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team Megastudy Part l. M&A lssue With many small cap players such as KGI, Kyobo, CJ, SK, Hanyang, B00k00k, Y00hwa, Bridge, Shingheung, the securities industry has been regarded as another possible epicenter of M&A. RecentIy arising rumors b0iI down as follows. First, CapitaI Market Consolidation Law, which is expected tO be approved in coming June, will give an impetus tO market restructuring. Second, merger and acquisition is the only option the securities companies could ChOOSe tO augment Size Of companies, in a sense that FSS have become very strict in allowing them tO establish a new securities firm since 2001 when it gave out a license tO Heung—gook. Third, there are currently 41 companies in the market, which appears tO be excessive comparing with banking industry. Nevertheless, things are not as simple as it looks like. First, most small cap players are not growing fast, but generating enough profit tO go on their business. Moreover, those companies' major shareholders, whO are usually founders and affiliates, are holding enough stakes tO fight against hostile takeover. Second, without manifest synergy effect, it is not likely that securities firms acquire or merge with other companies. Third, the government does not have many shares Of securities companies, unlike the big banks in banking industry where the government tOOk a pivotal role tO ignite the M&A by selling their stakes tO large banks. Part ll. FinanciaIs Of Securities Companies Profit structure Of securities company is different from that Of other industries. Because securities company provides its own service related with capital market instead Of selling tangible products. MOSt Of the gains are generated from commission, trading and SO on. Below there are tWO different types Of income statement. The left one is the general income statement which is well known and the right one is the income statement Of securities companies. The income statement for general firms is easy tO understand, SO it was made simple below. On the other hand, income statement Of securities company is SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 2 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team more specified. 〈General lncome Statement〉 lterrs Salæ (-)Cost of SaIes Gross Margin (-)General and ad「ninistrative expenses 0 perating lncome Megastudy 〈lncome Statement Of Securities Company〉 l愴116 Operating lncome Commissions received Brokerage commission l—lnderwriting 00「nmission lnterest income Gain on sales Of trading securities Gain on valuation Of trading 표다」rities Gain form others Dividends income Distribution income Gain on valuation Of trading securities 5이d Gain on stn」ctured securities transactions StrI」CtlJred SeCl-lritieS transactions Gain on ValUation Of Reserve transactions for Of customers • others deposits (trt」st) (-) Operating Experse CMA income Expense or LOSS Of items at upper Com「nissions 예 CMA General and Lease income administrative expenses Gain on disposal loans Operating Wrgin Others The income statement for securities companies does not have an item with the term Sales' Otherwise, there is the operating income item which corresponds tO Sales Of other general company S income statement. With the same point Of view, the operating expense can correspond tO COSt Of sales Of general income statement. After operating Margin, items Of bOth statements are the same. Brokerage commission is the most important item Of income statement. lts proportion has accounted for the biggest part of OP. Even though securities companies have diversified itS revenue structure, brokerage commission iS major SOl-ffCe Of inCOme. Brokerage commission Of four major securities companies declined tO about 500% Of tOtal sales in 2006, from 7470 in 1999. Beneficiary certificates margin has been expected t0 grow, but in 2006 it was just below 50% of total profit because the market has become a red ocean as almost all securities companies tried tO engage in the market. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 〈lncome Statement for Securities Company〉 3 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회
