<!-- ocr_fallback -->

05빠C BUY : ₩231 ,500 Target Price Current Price . ₩204,000 Safety Margin •. 6.6% Market Cap. ₩344.8 bn ROE : 8.8% OP Magin: 11.5% PER : 9.2 x PBR: 0.76 x Div. Yield: 0.66% 52wks Beta : 0.86 52WkS High : ₩229,000 52wks Low •. ₩115,500 Foreign Shares : 15.8% Major Shareholder . Jong—gak Lee & affiliates (32.00%) SERT 김경한. Colin K. Kim 김수민. Brian Kim 이유나. Yuna Lee 함소율. Soyul Hahm Equity Remrt Daehan FIour Millss (001130) > Exaggerated concerns have pulled down the stock. May 5, 2007 Flour MillS We maintain our opinion BUY, with the target price of KRW 227 600 derived by DCF and EV/EBITDA multiple method. Recent plunge in share price seems tO be largely attributed tO the investors concern about (1) increasing international grain price, (2) lawsuit result affecting the firm's pricing power, and (3) false rumour in the market that Warren Buffet sold his stake. We believe the company is still undervalued considering its stable performance and limited effect Of negative factors. > Raw material price surge will cease shortly. Recent surge in wheat price is expected tO come intO an effect from 2Q 2007. However, we have come up with a conclusion that wheat price will be stabilized in a few months, considering futures price on CBOT and analysis Of USDA. Another considerable factor, foreign exchange rate, is expected tO go sideways or slightly increase. > Diminished pricing power IS a worry, but m/s is still strong. We are concerned that Daehan Flour Mills may not retain its pricing power due tO a lawsuit filed against cartel in flour mills industry. However, considering stable demand Of flour and sustainable market share Of the company, the impact will not be significant. The company S position more involved in B2B is also a relief. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team Part l. Cost AnaIysis Dæhan Flour Mills T0taI production cost 0f Daehan Flour Mills is largely dependent on two key variables (1) price Of wheat at which it buys, and (2) foreign exchange rate movement. > Price of wheat is expected t0 be stabilized in 2007. Owing tO international demand exceeding production and stock level, the price Of wheat has been increasing for the past twelve months, growing by more than 2070 YOY lt is worth having a |00k at the price movement Of the futures traded on CBOE as future price tends t0 lead the spot price with a time lag. Reaching its peak at the end of 2006 the future price began tO go down. Furthermore, one Of the reports Of USDA (United States Department 0f AgricuIture) expects that the price 0f wheat will be stabilized in 2007 after surging for a year, in accordance with the market condition towards balance between demand and SUPPIY. Therefore, we estimate that wheat price will reach its highest shortly, and will go intO slight correction at least for the next few months. Nevertheless, the production level Of wheat is SO vulnerable tO weather changes and natural disasters that we should keep close eyes on the possible swift in trend. /ndex Futures & imported wheat price 十 十 十 6 十 수구 十 호 the Futureg 이1 CB이 lndex importing price 이 wheat Foreign Exchange Rate 1,500-0 1,400-0 1,300-0 1,200-0 1,100-0 1,000-0 900-0 800-0 - KRW/USD 오수 十` 0仝)+ 十` 十` 00` 十` 호 0+十 활 KRWLISD We assume that wheat price will go sideways around 130 in the index which measures relative price level comparing with that at the beginning Of 2002. Currently, the cost Of buying wheat accounts for 800% of COGS, on average over the past 10 years, and it has been very stable. Therefore, we assume that the increase in wheat price by 10% will lead the increase in COGS by 0.80%. SNU Midas lnvestment CIub 2 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회

SMIC English Research Team Dæhan Flour Mills > Profit erosion by changes in foreign exchange rate will be limited. Another important factor is foreign exchange rate. For the past tWO years, Daehan Flour Mills has benefited from the appreciation Of Korean won, which partly gave rise tO the stock price surge. ln 2007, Major economic institutes and experts predict that Korean won will go sideways or weaken slightly against US Dollar; SERI and LGERI estimate it would be ₩910/$ and ₩900~950/$, respectively, whereas FX dealers say that it is possible t0 increase to ₩1 000/$. Since Daehan Flour MiIIs pays for its purchase 0f wheat by US Dollar, the depreciation Of won will result in the cost increase. However, it is not likely that it goes beyond ₩1 000/$, and the profit erosion will be limited that far. Notwithstanding the difficulty in expecting the future exchange rate, we assume in this report that it will be around ₩950/$. Again, the won depreciation of 170 will roughly result in the increase in COGS by 1%. > Diversification Of suppliers leads the increasing import from AustraIia. Daehan Flour Mills is currently buying wheat mainly in three countries - the US, Australia, and Canada. ln the past, the company imported most wheat from the US, which still accounts for almost half Of tOtal import Of wheat. However, the amount Of import from Australia has been increasing constantly, reaching 450% last year. lt is in line with the firm's effort Of diversification Of suppliers, as well as lower transportation cost from Australia. /mport d/stnbufron by countnes 는 3㉡00,000 2500,000 2㉡00,000 1 500,000 1 ㉡00,000 uS •mstralia ,Canada SNU Midas lnvestment CIub Trend import distribution 70-0% 60-0% 50-0% 40-0% 30-0% 20-0% 10-0% 3 AJStralia Canada 올바른 투자문화 정착을 위해. 서울대투자연구회
